yo its fusion hair and I'm just giving
you a quick tutorial on a few easy
achievements on called 6 that pretty
easy to pick up first ones drive by and
it's kill 20 enemies in a row while
driving a vehicle and single-player
special ops it's a really easy
achievement you want to do on special
ops Bravo and our race but the key to
this is not to actually race down the
hill but just to start off slow shoot
the fucking everybody basically it's all
these achievements of priests standard
to get there not too hard but just doing
the tutorial therefore people get stuck
because there are people get stuck with
new things so I'm just gonna get my slow
start take it for you down here
many people's accommodated me it's real
easy Cheeseman's get the ray take long
to Mike a couple seconds 10 seconds
just wanna take it slow unloadin to
everything she'll go with people out the
edges for fun it's not really about
aiming this mission which is changes
what a spray and pray like a crazed it's
everything
real easy treatments get
today once again
there you go 20 people in a row on a
vehicle taking points easy peasy all
right then the next achievement is
desperado kill 5 enemies in a row using
five different weapons or attachments in
single-player special ops this one I did
on special ops in suspension I think
it's cooled and he had the couple tips
are make sure you're only shooting one
person with your gun I was at women
count and knifes do count as a kill they
do count as a different weapon so he use
your knife if they get too close that's
what I did for one of my kills as you
see in a second suspension is a pretty
easy map still on because there's quite
a lot of people just running around you
to pick off do it on regular difficulty
so you can take some bullets it doesn't
really matter what gun you pick up at
the start just as long as it's two
different guns if you don't want to be
killing too many people the same guns
you're not gonna get the achievement she
just started off just want to take out
one guy there take out the next one
second gun run Pickers gun up go for
third care wow it's pretty DC
run pick up his AK spray into this guy
here try not to kill the up guy behind
him so then get each evening and then
knife fully anyway then I just finish
off the rest of these crowds sort of fun
of it could be barber to quit early
shotgun more whammy face and then the
last one is i'm the juggernaut it's a
real easy achievement gain another easy
tanking points it's you just have to
kill this guy that's more harder to kill
I do it in specials single player
Charlie and snatch and grab your going
to want to do it on and it's a pretty
easy one because the juggernauts the
first person you'll the first enemy your
encounter and these priests standard to
kill it's not too hard but it's not too
easy for this achievement you're going
to want to pick up a long-range weapon I
think you already have the intervention
and then you want to pick up quite a
fast car and weapon like I pick up the
m240 dots likes it's got a big magazine
and choir for a fire and you're just
going to want to stick to the right-hand
side of the map and get to the end of
this plane here and you should see him
coming there is a little weird alien
type man but a couple bullets so I'm
gonna file my sniper and then I just
switched to my machine gun spray and
pray let's get the easy tag and points
again um yeah that's the tutorial if you
have any problems or anything just
message me I'll leave a comment on the
bottom and I'll try and help you out for
the best I can although don't you need
help because these students pretty easy
so um yeah subscribe comment and rate
what you think if you need any more help
just saying try and get to you and help
later